Particle Plotfile Filter (#724)
ECP-WarpX/WarpX: Docs/source/running_cpp/parameters.rst

    Use a negative number to disable data dumping.
    This is ``-1`` (disabled) by default.

>     * ``<species_name>.random_fraction`` (`float`) optional

Reviewer: alignment seams a bit off.

Shouldn't those options be sub-options of plot and reduced diagnostics functions?

Author: Currently, this particle filter only works for plotfiles. So I intended to put them as a sub-options after `amr.plot_int`. Shouldn't these codes give what I want?

Author: @ax3l @MaxThevenet What alignments do you guys want?

Reviewer: What we mean is: there are too many spaces before the `*`.

You want to create this in the docs:
* ``amr.plot_int`` (`integer`) optional
* ``<species_name>.random_fraction`` (`float`) optional 

And not:

* ``amr.plot_int`` (`integer`) optional
     * ``<species_name>.random_fraction`` (`float`) optional

        If provided ``<species_name>.uniform_stride = a``,
        only `a` fraction of the particle data of this species will be dumped randomly,
        i.e. if `rand() < a`, this particle will be dumped,
        where `rand()` denotes a random number generator.
        The value `a` provided should be between 0 and 1.

    * ``<species_name>.uniform_stride`` (`int`) optional
        If provided ``<species_name>.uniform_stride = n``,
        every `n` particle of this species will be dumped,
        i.e. if `particle ID % n == 0`, this particle will be dumped.
        The value provided should be an integer greater than or equal to 0.

    * ``<species_name>.plot_filter_function(t,x,y,z,ux,uy,uz)`` (`string`) optional
        User can provide an expresion that describs the condition to filter
        a portion of particles that will be dumped.
        `t` represents the physical time in seconds during the simulation.
        `x, y, z` represent particle positions in the unit of meter.
        `ux, uy, uz` represent particle proper velocities
        :math:`\gamma v`, where
        :math:`\gamma` is the Lorentz factor,
        :math:`v` is the particle velocity.

>         E.g. If provided `(x>0.0)*(uz<10.0)` only those particles located at

Reviewer 2: Could we use either the `gamma * beta` or `m*gamma*v`?

>         positions `x` greater than `0`, and those having velocity `uz` less than 10,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        positions `x` greater than `0`, and those having momentum `uz` less than 10,
```

Author: I will use gamma*beta, so it is still velocity.

    Use a negative number to disable data dumping.
    This is ``-1`` (disabled) by default.

    * ``<species_name>.random_fraction`` (`float`) optional
        If provided ``<species_name>.random_fraction = a``,
        only `a` fraction of the particle data of this species will be dumped randomly,
        i.e. if `rand() < a`, this particle will be dumped,
        where `rand()` denotes a random number generator.
        The value `a` provided should be between 0 and 1.

    * ``<species_name>.uniform_stride`` (`int`) optional
        If provided ``<species_name>.uniform_stride = n``,

>         every `n` particle of this species will be dumped,
>         i.e. if `particle ID % n == 0`, this particle will be dumped.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        every `n` particle of this species will be dumped, selected uniformly.
```
The condition `particle ID % n == 0` is not correct.

        The value provided should be an integer greater than or equal to 0.

    * ``<species_name>.plot_filter_function(t,x,y,z,ux,uy,uz)`` (`string`) optional

>         User can provide an expresion that describs the condition to filter
>         a portion of particles that will be dumped.

Reviewer 2: It is OK to write lines >100 char in rst file, otherwise reformatting is cumbersome. 
```suggestion
        Users can provide an expression returning a boolean for whether a particle is dumped (the exact test is whether the return value is `> 0.5`).
```
